PR for leveraged authorization documentation update (issue #898) (#119)
GSA/automate.fedramp.gov: content/documentation/ssp/4-ssp-template-to-oscal-mapping.md

        <prop name="leveraged-authorization-uuid" 
            value="11111111-3333-5555-0000-000000000001" />
        <!-- UUID for the leveraged system's SSP -->
        <prop name="inherited-uuid" value="11111111-0000-4000-9001-000000000001" />
        <prop name="implementation-point" value="external"/>
        <!-- FedRAMP prop extensions for table 6.1 columns -->
        <prop name="nature-of-agreement" ns="https://fedramp.gov/ns/oscal" 
            value="contract" />
        <prop name="information-type" ns="http://fedramp.gov/ns/oscal" value="C.3.5.4" />
        <status state="operational"/>
        <!-- responsible-role is used to identify roles that represent the "authorized users" in SSP tables 6.1 and 7.1 -->
        <responsible-role role-id="system-admin">
            <party-uuid>11111111-1111-3333-0000-000000000001</party-uuid>
            <remarks>
            <p>Using responsible-role to represent the CSPs "authorized users" </p>
            <p>who have access the leveraged authorization service.</p>
            </remarks>
        </responsible-role>
    </component>
</system-implementation>
{{</ highlight >}}

<br />
{{<callout>}}

**ADDITIONAL NOTES:**

> - The `title` field must match an existing [FedRAMP authorized Cloud_Service_Provider_Package](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/18F/fedramp-data/master/data/data.json) property value.

Reviewer: Non-blocking: shouldn't we discuss this information from the perspective of the [FedRAMP Marketplace](https://marketplace.fedramp.gov/) first?

```suggestion
- The `title` field must match an existing FedRAMP-authorized cloud service provider's name on the [FedRAMP Marketplace](https://marketplace.fedramp.gov/); its name in the `Cloud Service Provider` column in that data from the Marketplace's Export as CSV Data function; or the `Cloud_Service_Provider_Package` key's value for [a record in the equivalent data from FedRAMP Marketplace in the JSON data format](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/18F/fedramp-data/master/data/data.json).
```

Author: Agreed 👍🏾  

I'll commit the suggestion.
